Shelton Nigel's update for the Galactic
Federation of Light and spiritual
hierarchy there will shortly be
demonstrations in the daylight skies by
some of the huge fleets that are to land
when the divine gives the sacred go
ahead further we are going to tell our
secret sacred societies to release the
prosperity funds that count
saint-germain and Quan Yin so graciously
set aside for you droids so we come
again with more to tell you your world
continues to fluctuate between the
attempts of the West to spark a conflict
capable of stemming the global changes
which threaten the power base of the
dark cabal and the intent of Russia to
force a new reality upon the West this
dynamic has ebbed and flowed during the
whole of the last decade and yet even
when this strange power game approaches
a point reminiscent of the start of
World War one it then receipts from this
dire eventualities the agar thens
liaison teams have also been very
successful in defusing the situation in
the Middle East nevertheless this
ongoing process of brinksmanship
demonstrates the importance of bringing
this volatile situation to a close
heaven assures us that this constant
political bickering is simply the last
throes of a type of diplomacy long used
by the western states and that no
conflict is to result from it indeed the
coming divine intervention is going to
transform this whole sorry mess
meanwhile more legal ammunition
continues to be gathered for use against
the Cabal in the world courts the
momentum for accountability accelerates
by the day increasing the numbers of
those already and about to be arrested
your reality is dying as the economic
system it is founded upon grinds to a
halt it is similar to a huge mill which
is dependent on a river that is rapidly
drying up
the owners the dark cabal comprehend
what is happening in our intent on
getting the last bit of work out of
their flagging equipment the Cabal is
hunting desperately for a solution to
restore the falling levels of the river
but despite its best efforts no solution
is found we have informed the Cabal on
innumerable occasions what it would take
to solve their dilemma and its response
has been to proceed doggedly upon the
same course
we have therefore moved forward with
what heaven has directed us to do the
Cabal is fully aware that it's time is
up and still it increases its
determination to pull some unrealizable
miracle out of the air we watch and
marvel at its inane reaction to the
inevitability bearing down on it it is
time for these dark controlled
governments to quit and disclose the
truth to their beleaguered populations
our liaison personnel have just
completed a series of information
exchanges with several Western
governments in which we clearly showed
them that their dilemmas are endemic to
the entire global economic structure
which is now falling down around them
the practical solution is to allow new
governance to introduce the range of new
economic and abundance programs
including the formal disclosure of our
existence we are therefore awaiting the
time chosen by heaven to act and reveal
ourselves to you this will also be the
moment for the series of announcements
by both the agar vents and the ascended
masters who will be divulging what you
need to know to get a reasonable grasp
on what is truly happening in your world
these swathes of information will
trigger a rapid change in your
consciousness and introduce new ways for
you to change your societies enabling
them to work creatively with each other
we clearly perceive the labyrinth and
problems created by your present
governments which is why an entirely new
structure has been agreed upon which can
be relied upon to promote your new
prosperity and your new realities we
stand on the brink of the grand
intervention decreed by heaven this will
open the door to first contact in a new
relationship between you and Agartha the
extent of the upcoming technology
transfer will astound you your world is
due to absorb a leap in capabilities
that is greater by far than the advent
of the laptop computer with its many
offshoots such as tablets and
smartphones as an aside these came with
some serious health concerns by contrast
some of the new technology can boost not
only your general health and vitality
but also your levels of consciousness
while connecting you more easily and
effectively with your world you will
begin to view technology in general as
consciousness tools and will begin to
use your time to absorb knowledge to
meditate and to ponder on the coming
miracle of full consciousness as your
mentors we will show you the immense
significance of the abilities still
largely dormant within you as this is
central to your comprehension of the
next phase of your journey to your
divine destiny blessings we are your
ascended masters we come on this
auspicious day to make some important
announcements first let us bless our
space and Inner Earth families they come
now to set the stage for the next steps
on your journey to full consciousness
haven't decreased that each of you now
needs to become aware that you are not
alone in this magnificent vast universe
there will shortly be demonstrations in
the daylight skies by some of the huge
fleets that are to land when the divine
gives the sacred go ahead second we are
to be able to manifest among you in
great numbers to begin our teaching
schedule these teachings will show you
how and why the Anunnaki purposely
jumbled up the wisdom teachings given to
you by some of our most respected
grandmasters these messages will finally
allow you to discover the truth about
your origins and what heaven expects of
you further we are going to tell our
secret sacred societies to release the
prosperity funds that count
saint-germain and chuan yin so
graciously set aside for you this
constitutes the beginning of the new
financial system which will Institute
debt forgiveness as a means to level the
world's financial structures newly
chartered banks will temporarily
distribute and somewhat regulate these
funds once the Federation fleet lands
these banks the accompanying financial
system and your perceived need for money
as such will be subsumed into a type of
precursor of your new galactic society
the intention dear blessed ones is to
use physical abundance for a short time
to heal the dark manipulations which
twisted you into believing in want and
limitation rather than adhering to your
divine responsibilities the mass influx
into your lives of your individual
mentors will change all that immediately
we are then to introduce you to the
responsibilities that come with higher
consciousness and assist you to
understand their significance
your primary responsibility is to become
effective overseers of your precious
home world
mother earth is gleefully looking
forward to your wonderful ministrations
new technologies are to heal the surface
world and prepare her for her grand
transition to a fully unified fully
conscious globe you are to play a major
role in these initial proceedings after
which it will be time for the
culmination of your auspicious return to
full consciousness via the use of your
light chambers then once you are
acclimatized to the joys and powers of
full consciousness you will be ready to
work together with us we have joyously
anticipated this most special time as we
are destined to create a most heavenly
star nation together heaven informs us
that what we have been told about is
then to manifest in our long sojourn on
this planet takes on a new and gracious
path hallelujah hallelujah today we
brought you another message about
transforming the old and bringing in the
new it is the magic time when the dark
leaves your world and a bright fully
conscious one begins to manifest it is
when the wonders and exaltation of
freedom and prosperity return No dear
ones that the countless supply and
never-ending prosperity of heaven are
indeed yours so be it salamat gijin
selamat ja syrian 4 b 1 and b enjoy
you